[Carmen gasps]
[groans]
Hey, Johnny. Could you
help me with something?
[knocking on door]
I'm here for whatever you need, Carmen.
["Playing with the Boys"
by Kenny Loggins plays]
♪ I'd say it was the right time
to walk away… ♪
-[Johnny yells]
-[Miguel] Yeah!
-Bam!
-♪ When dreaming takes you nowhere ♪
♪ It's time to play ♪
♪ Bodies working overtime ♪
Yeah!
Woo!
♪ Who's ahead in the game ♪
♪ Funny, but it's always the same ♪
♪ Playing ♪
♪ Playing with the boys ♪
♪ Staying ♪
♪ Boys ♪
[rock music fades]
[gasps]
[sighs contentedly]
I just had the best dream.
-Yeah?
-Mm-hmm.
Tell me all about it.
♪ Playing ♪
♪ Playing with the boys ♪
[Daniel] I don't get it.
Silver goes and burns down Barnes's store,
threatens I'm next, and now, nothing.
Snake always wait
for right time to strike.
But how is he gonna strike? If he was
willing to go that far with Mike…
Maybe now Barnes will join our fight.
I don't think he knows it was Silver.
I heard he left town
while the insurance company investigates.
Not that there's gonna be evidence.
Do not worry, Daniel-san.
I will allow no attack on my watch.
[Amanda] Almost ready?
It's too much.
I'm trying too hard.
Should I lose the necklace?
No, honey. You just caught us off guard.
You look beautiful.
Okay. Thank you.
I feel underdressed. [chuckles]
No, you're perfectly dressed
for a day off.
Amanda and I
are heading to a charity auction.
She's looking to get more involved.
Maybe even a spot on the board.
-Okay. I'll see you in the car, yeah?
-Yeah.
Keep an eye on the dealership
and the house. Be ready for anything.
[suspenseful music crescendos]
The telephone pole said I could make
30,000 dollars in 30 days from home.
Look no further. I'm the man for--
No, I don't know my bank routing number.
But I do know my social security.
-Yeah, it's one, four--
-[knocking on door]
Ah, someone at the door.
Let me call you back.
Uh, yeah, her maiden name was Brown.
Uh, hey, Shannon.
You know, I didn't know
the busy signal was still a thing
until I tried calling you
for the last three hours.
Job interviews.
Get your own.
I got this guy right where I want him.
-Do you have Robby's stuff for me?
-Yeah.
Sure he's gonna be all right?
Spending the summer
at my parents' cabin on Bainbridge Island?
Beaches, hiking, three meals a day?
Yeah, he's gonna be just fine.
All right, I'll grab his stuff.
Wow.
It looks like
a functioning adult lives here now.
Yeah, I made some changes.
That is a real lighthouse in Narragansett.
Built in 1856.
Oh my God.
You knocked Carmen up, didn't you?
[sighs] Uh, how did you…
You took down the babes, it smells nice,
and you're making that face.
-What face?
-[Shannon] That one.
Overwhelmed. The same face
you made when I got pregnant.
[sighs] Yeah, well,
there's a lot to figure out.
Still have to tell Robby and Miguel.
Carmen had this dream about us.
There was a house and a yard.
Well, yards aren't cheap.
Can you afford a kid
on your part-time sensei salary?
I'm not a sensei anymore.
-Hmm?
-Lost a bet. Long story.
Ah, that's why you're job hunting. Got it.
Last time I looked for a job,
nobody wanted me.
I'm not a suit-and-tie type of guy.
What if I told you
there was a way you could earn real money
without being scammed and without a tie?
I tried that after high school.
Some of the women got a little grabby.
I'm talking about the gig economy.
You know, rideshares, food delivery.
But you will need a real phone for that.
[sighs] I'll make this easy on you.
There are these tech guys.
They show up to your door
and set everything up.
Dork-to-door service, huh?
Never thought I'd see the day.
["Slip and Slide" plays]
♪ She's all slip and sliding ♪
♪ She drives you mad ♪
♪ Ooh, you're going down ♪
[rock music fades]
Ew. Anthony, can you not
stare at my friends?
No, no, no, I wasn't, um, uh, staring.
[Moon giggles]
He's starting high school
in the fall, right?
Let's torture him. Tell him later
I asked if he's been working out.
Ew. You guys are so gross,
and I want no part of this.
So, Sam, how's the whole
Eat, Pray, Love journey going?
Actually better than I expected.
It's been kind of nice
to just focus on myself,
without all the karate
or relationship drama.
Hey, babe.
Oh, I totally forgot
that they were coming.
It's fine. Really.
Are you sure?
'Cause I can tell him I'll see him later.
No, Moon, seriously.
I mean, this is gonna happen.
And it's all right.
Miguel and I are still friends.
[Hawk] Hey. What's up?
[Moon] Hi.
Um…
-Uh, hey, how you doing, Sam?
-[Sam] Hey.
I'm, uh, yeah. I mean, I'm… I'm good.
Good. And how about you?
I'm cool. I'm good.
Yeah.
Uh, is anyone…
Yeah. I mean… I mean, no, but…
I… Yeah, you can… You can go ahead.
All right.
Sure. It's…
Am I alive?
Or did I die of embarrassment
and this is my hell?
[Robby] Hey, Tory.
I'll see you later.
Hi.
-I missed you.
-Missed you too.
How was Mexico?
Hit up the beach with your dad?
Uh…
It wasn't really that kind of trip.
But, uh, we did work out
a few of our issues.
There's still some
that are too big to solve.
Look, um, I've been thinking
about this for a while now,
and I was wondering if you'd consider
maybe just taking a break from Cobra Kai?
What are you talking about?
You heard what Kreese did.
He's not even half as bad as Silver.
Now's the time to get out
before things get worse.
I can't just quit.
If I did it, you can do it. Silver is
gonna get inside your head, and then--
I'm glad you and your dad
worked through some of your shit.
If you wanna leave the dojo,
that's on you.
Don't tell me what to do.
I'm a big girl.
I can make my own decisions.
Okay.
Let's check out the Typhoon.
It's got a five-story drop
that's supposed to be sick.
[laughter]
It's a lot of pressure,
but if Keene is out, I got no choice
but to be the next king cobra.
Whoa, wait, wait. Robby's not out.
He was just on a trip.
You tripping if you think
he's coming back.
Dude is out like Flint.
Okay, we out here on our own, bro.
Hey, let's go to the big-boy rides.
No lifeguard.
[laughter]
[classical music plays]
Thank you.
Have we been here before?
This address sounded familiar.
I don't think so. Oh, that's the founder.
Mr. and Mrs. LaRusso.
So nice of you to come. I'm--
Eva Garcia. You're Eva Garcia.
You were about to say that,
and I interrupted. Now I'm mortified.
Amanda's been gushing
about your organization.
Helping underprivileged teens
is very important to her. To both of us.
Then we share that in common.
Your house is so beautiful.
Oh, this isn't my home.
It belongs to one of our donors actually.
Oh.
[Eva] Between us, I think he's angling
for a spot on the board.
[ominous music plays]
Daniel and Amanda LaRusso.
What a pleasure
to finally have you at my home.
[Eva] I didn't realize
you were acquainted.
[Silver] We're actually very old friends.
We go back, what, 30, 35 years?
Wow.
How time flies.
Amanda, you look positively radiant
in that dress.
Thank you.
Please, come in.
We have so much fun in store.
Go on, honey.
I wanna have a word with our host.
What a coincidence, your wife and I
supporting the same charity.
Bullshit.
Whatever you're up to,
you leave my family out of it.
Do not ruin this day for my wife.
I have no intention of ruining her day.
Let's just hope
nothing else ruins it for her.
[ominous music plays]
[knocking on door]
[imitates siren] Nerd alert. Oh. It's you.
You're my dork?
Get inside.
The request says
that you're in the market for a new phone.
At Tech Town, we have a variety of options
to fit your specific need.
If you're looking for the latest model,
I can recommend this one.
I'm looking for anything under 50 bucks.
[laughs] That's good.
I'm just gonna borrow that
for a second. Uh… Uh…
Um, this one technically works.
Careful not to cut yourself on the glass.
Does it have rideshare on it?
I need that to make cash.
Ah, a fellow gig-olo, huh?
The upside is great.
You pick your own hours.
And if you do delivery apps on the side,
you maximize your moolah.
-All right, great. Do that to my phone.
-Okay. Um…
I'm gonna need to set you up
with a cellular plan.
Hey. Thanks for being a dork.
Or a geek, or, you know,
whatever you identify as.
Well, they make us say "nerd"
since "geek" was already taken.
-I didn't say stop working, dweeb.
-Yep.
[upbeat music plays]
Looking pretty pasty, LaPusso.
[scoffs] This is the chode
that was giving you shit at school?
You've been to my house.
You dated my sister.
I date a lot of sisters.
I don't want trouble.
Should've thought of that
before you and your friends
decided to go after me.
Look, I-I said I was sorry, okay?
And you already got me back.
You know, I thought we were cool.
Oh, oh, you… You thought we were cool.
Okay. Let me think. Um, are we cool?
-Nah.
-[Kyler laughs]
Hey! Hey!
[Kyler laughs]
[Anthony] Come on, guys! Let me go!
Oh, God damn it.
Watch out. Hey. Ais! [grunts]
[Kyler] Ooh!
[laughs] Good one!
-[Kenny] Thank you.
-My man. Bye!
-Hey, let's go! Yes, sir.
-My man!
[Kyler laughs]
-What the hell was that?
-None of your business.
-I'm making it my business.
-[Kenny] Hey.
Kyler, Kyler. Maybe he needs another
haircut to remember who he's talking to.
You wanna take on the champ?
Dude, you're only the champ
because Diaz got hurt.
Robby won as many fights as you.
But one was against you.
And that wasn't much of a fight.
[Kyler] Aw, come on now. You really
gonna take that from him? From Lip?
Hey, hey, hey! Back off.
-Hey, stay out of this.
-What's the matter?
You scared I'm right? Champ.
Hey, enough.
Unless you want your ass kicked,
stay on your side of the park.
Away from us.
Hey, yo, champ.
All right. You guys stay on your side,
we don't have a problem.
Better rides on our side anyway.
[ominous music plays]
Hey. It's over. He's not worth it.
We out of here.
Hey.
[ominous music continues]
I know you can handle yourself.
But don't tell me the best place
for Kenny is Cobra Kai.
[ominous music crescendos]
[indistinct chatter]
[classical music plays]
No way this is a coincidence.
He had to know we were coming.
It's a little weird he's hosting.
Maybe he just wants to show off.
He's planning something, Amanda.
I don't think we're safe here.
He's not gonna do anything
at a charity event in front of people.
You promised to keep
the karate conflict away for the day.
That's before he lured us
into the lion's den.
-Okay. Why don't we get a drink? Okay?
-[Daniel sighs]
We'll relax, we'll overpay
for some auction items we don't need,
and most importantly,
you will talk up yours truly to Eva.
[sighs] Okay, hon. I got you.
[Amanda chuckles]
Hors d'oeuvres?
Uh, I think I'm good. Thanks.
Mrs. LaRusso.
I trust my humble environs
are suitably charitable
for this afternoon's get-together.
You have a very nice house.
Please.
It's a 2013 Aubert
from my private collection.
Still a little young,
but much more complex
than what they're serving at the bar.
Thank you.
It's very nice.
I'm not against your husband.
Well, he would beg to differ.
In fact, he thinks
you tricked him into coming here
so you can enact the next phase
of your karate super plan.
[chuckles]
Of course Daniel would think so low of me.
The way I treated him
in the past was unforgivable.
-Mm-hmm.
-But that's not me anymore.
I want to have a positive impact on kids.
That's why I took over Cobra Kai
from John Kreese.
I saw the way
he was teaching those lessons.
It's a shame what Vietnam did to his mind.
What I want is to train kids
to use karate not for war,
but to better themselves.
And I wish Daniel would see that,
instead of sending his man
to rough up my potential hires.
I'm sorry. He did what now?
-Everyone's already there?
-We're gonna be the last ones there.
Should we cancel? It's 20 minutes late.
Wait. It says it's approaching now.
[engine roars and brakes squeal]
One of you guys Michael?
-It's Mikaela.
-Whatever.
[cell phone chimes]
Hurry. App's telling me I gotta
pick up a guy named Jimmy John.
[rock music plays]
[bottles clink]
Can… Can you play some Billie Eilish?
Hells yeah.
[rock music continues]
Coming right up.
["Mony Mony" by Billy Idol plays]
[engine roars]
♪ Here she comes now saying Mony Mony ♪
♪ Shoot 'em down, turn around, come on… ♪
Hey, you drove past that stop sign.
Did you see it?
Yeah, I saw it.
♪ You gotta toss and turn… ♪
No, if we get Morgan, we are golden.
I'm telling you. Wait, what?
Turn down the music.
I'm in the middle of a deal.
Shut the hell up. This is the best part.
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ 'Cause you make me feel ♪
-♪ Like a pony ♪
-♪ So good… ♪
You should get in the left lane.
Are you gonna turn on your signal?
Hey, watch out for that car!
[brakes squeal]
-[thudding]
-[man groans]
-[groans]
-Get out. Out!
[cell phone chimes]
♪ I love you, Mony, Mo-Mo-Mony… ♪
-Burger's cold.
-Windows were down.
I can't eat a cold burger.
Sure you can. I've done it a ton of times.
-Hey!
-[Johnny] Leave a five-star review.
♪ Mony, Mo-Mo-Mony ♪
-♪ Yeah
-♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
-♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah
-[Johnny urinates]
-What are you doing? Are you--
Oh! Come on.
I've been stuck in this damn car all day.
[cell phone chimes]
♪ Come on, come on, come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on, come on, feel all right
I said yeah… ♪
One star?
"Because the car smelled like beer."
'Cause there is beer, asshole.
♪ Yeah, hey! ♪
This is bullshit. I've been waiting
to go on the Double Dragon all summer.
Hawk said we can't go over there.
Cobra Kai's claimed it.
So we're just gonna let them
make up arbitrary rules?
We have just as much right
to those slides as anyone else.
♪ Carries meaning down the road… ♪
You coming?
♪ We know ♪
♪ As we roam ♪
♪ Find a reason of our own ♪
You get to the part
where he finds the abandoned bus?
Oh, uh, I think
you're thinking of Into the Wild.
That's the one. Yeah.
-But this is the prequel, right?
-Uh, yeah.
Yeah, this one's got no guy. All bus.
All bus. Yeah.
There's a chapter
about the windows going up and down.
I was partial to the part
where the doors open and shut.
♪ Love ♪
♪ Holds us closer than we know… ♪
Look, I was thinking of braving
the Lazy River if you wanna join?
Uh, yeah. Right after this chapter. I want
to see what happens to the bus driver.
Of course, yeah. It's a page-turner.
Get outta here! Go to that side!
Who do you think you are? Puff your chest?
Hey, you, get back.
Hey, you! Get your ass back!
-[shouting]
-[suspenseful music]
[Tory] Hey. Stop, stop!
Guys, stop. Stop!
You kidding me with this bullshit again?
[shouting]
There's Keene.
You said he wasn't in Cobra Kai anymore.
It's what sensei told me.
[tense music plays]
-[boy] Wanna mess with me?
-Come on.
[tense music continues]
[shouting continues]
Hey. What are you doing?
-You stay out of this.
-Don't--
-[whistle blows]
-Stop it. All of you.
Or you're all getting kicked out.
Clearly, we can't coexist in peace,
so let's find a solution.
We can't fight.
What are we supposed to do?
-We need to go.
-No.
How about a race?
[dramatic music plays]
Yeah, I'll go.
[dramatic music continues]
So will I.
-[Kyler] All right, champ versus champ.
-Whoever wins gets the park.
[tense music plays]
Deal.
But you won't win.
[tense music continues]
Congratulations on your new art
and thank you
for supporting Dreams for Teens.
You didn't tell me you sent Chozen to
assault job applicants at Silver's dojo.
What? I did not send him in to do that.
He was put in a bad situation.
Believe me,
calling them job applicants is generous.
[Eva] Okay. Up next,
will Mr. LaRusso come up
to present your donated item?
[applause]
[Daniel] Thanks.
Authentic bonsai trees.
They're extremely rare.
They must be grown with love and care
in order to develop strong roots.
Because having a strong foundation,
they will then choose
their own way to grow,
just like us.
That's what my mentor taught me
many years ago.
He not only brought these trees
into my life, but what they represent.
Harmony,
balance, and honor.
And I am honored
to pass on his legacy
and these beautiful trees
to a lucky person here today.
[Eva] What a gorgeous message.
I'll start the bidding for this collection
of rare bonsais at $2,000.
Going for 3,000. 3,500.
Four thousand? Five thousand?
-[Silver] $30,000.
-[audience gasp]
Unless there are any objections…
sold to the generous Mr. Silver.
[applause]
And I know exactly where to put these.
If I may.
Thank you, Eva,
for your incredible charity.
Giving back to underprivileged youth
has always been a passion of mine.
And it is entirely
what Cobra Kai Karate is all about.
And so, as a joint initiative
with Dreams for Teens,
I will be offering free karate classes
to all low-income students
at any one of our dojos.
And I would be honored if every one of you
would help me spread the message
to continue assisting those in need.
Thank you all so much
for being here today.
-You better respect these bonsais.
-Well, they do sound like a lot of work.
Might just use them for mulch.
Well, well, well, you finally brought me
something I actually want.
-Cut the crap.
-[cell phone chimes repeatedly]
-Whoa, whoa, whoa, easy.
-[cell phone continues to chime]
-There you go, knucklehead.
-How'd you do that?
Here, take a taquito.
It'll make you feel better.
I already took one. It didn't help.
This job sucks ass, man.
All anyone does is complain.
I drove them to the wrong place,
brought the wrong order,
food's too cold,
food's wet 'cause a beer spilled on it.
So… quit?
I want to, but there's a kid on the way.
I got another one I wanna take care of.
-Then there's Miguel.
-Okay. I don't need the whole family tree.
You know, not everybody
gets to do their dream job.
Most people hate what they do.
Think I ever wanted to work
in a pawn shop, let alone own three?
Dealing with the likes of you
is the worst part of my day.
Really? Why don't you quit?
Because it pays the bills.
But most of all,
it allows me time for what matters most.
My family.
-You have a family?
-Three kids. You'll never meet them.
The point is,
once you figure out what matters most,
doing that other stuff
gets a little easier
because you know you're doing it for them.
Maybe you're not
such an asshole after all.
Aw.
Still giving you one star
for touching my food.
[Johnny] Join the club, man.
♪ On my way ♪
♪ How did you come to hear
about this place again? ♪
♪ Nobody ♪
♪ Here, and it looks like
You have been here every day ♪
Kenny.
-Robby, what's up?
-[Robby] Hey.
-Can we talk?
-Yeah, yeah. Hey, uh…
You haven't been back to the dojo.
-There's a rumor you're quitting--
-It's true.
-What?
-I know you're in Cobra Kai because of me.
I thought it would help you.
It did.
I know that's what you think,
but you have to trust me.
It'll turn you into someone
you don't wanna be.
It's what happened to me.
Are you fighting your friend
or your opponent?
[grunting]
I didn't wanna hurt you at the tournament.
That's what Cobra Kai makes you do.
Nah, I'm glad you didn't hold back.
I needed that.
-No, Kenny. I have been down this path.
-Back off!
[tense music plays]
Before Cobra Kai, I used to get picked on.
Now I'm stronger than I've ever been.
I'm never quitting.
Because I'm not a quitter.
[tense music continues]
[scoffs]
[tense music crescendos]
-[Kyler] Y'all ready for this?
-[cheering]
This is to decide
the champion of all champions.
[dramatic music plays]
-[Miyagi-Do kids] Hawk! Hawk! Hawk! Hawk!
-[Cobra Kai kids] Tory! Tory! Tory! Tory!
-Hawk! Hawk! Hawk! Hawk!
-Tory! Tory! Tory! Tory! Tory!
Three, two, one. Let's go!
[dramatic music continues]
-Tory! Tory! Tory!
-Hawk! Hawk! Hawk!
Come on!
What the hell?
[dramatic music continues]
Yeah!
Let me hear it!
Woo!
What the hell? You guys cheated.
There was a hole in my tube!
[boy] Losers!
Cheaters!
-Cheaters!
Cheaters! Cheaters!
Cheaters! Cheaters! Cheaters!
Cheaters! Cheaters! Cheaters!
Cheaters! Cheaters! Cheaters! Cheaters!
Dipshit. I know this was you.
What are you gonna do?
Not strike first if that's what you think.
You don't have the balls to anyway.
[dramatic music plays]
Is that all you got?
[dramatic music continues]
[Kenny grunts]
[Hawk groans]
[crowd gasp]
[grunting]
[dramatic music crescendos]
Hey.
-Watch yourself.
-[Robby] You wanna go?
[whistle blows]
Hey. Everybody get out
and leave the park immediately.
I mean it. Everybody out. Now.
[tense music plays]
Let's go, Anthony.
[tense music crescendos]
I didn't know that about Amanda.
Thanks for telling me.
Of course. I'm glad we could chat.
Not interfering with my family, huh?
I am not gonna let you get away with this.
I think your mind's
playing tricks on you, Danny Boy.
What did you say to Eva about my wife?
-What did I say?
-Yeah.
Oh, yes.
I told her she's a phony,
a psychopathic liar
who should never be trusted.
[Silver groans]
-[Silver] I'm sorry. [groans]
-I did not push him that hard.
He's making me look bad
when he's the one attacking my family.
He just said all these lies
about my wife to Ms. Garcia.
Actually, he spoke quite highly of Amanda.
He did what?
He told me how respected
your wife is in the community.
How your whole family is.
Or was.
Thanks.
[somber music plays]
[Daniel] Amanda, wait.
[cell phone buzzes]
[Johnny] Hey, can you hear me?
I'm calling from my car phone.
Yes, I can hear you.
And no one calls it a car phone.
Listen. About Robby.
I want him to stay with me this summer.
I'll do whatever I have to
to make it work.
Are you sure you can handle that?
It's what I should have done
for him and you long ago.
I quit too many jobs
'cause I didn't like 'em
instead of considering
what's best for all of us.
I wasn't man enough to know it then,
but I do now.
I'm sorry I sucked, Shannon.
[sighs] It's okay, Johnny.
We were both young and dumb.
But I'm glad Robby gets to stay here now
and see this side of you.
I won't let him down.
I was about to pick him up
from the water park.
But if you wanna go tell him the news…
-Hell yeah.
-[Shannon] Okay, Johnny.
I'm happy for you.
-Thanks.
-Whoa. Dude, did you just miss my stop?
Crap. Hold on.
[rock music plays]
[Tory] This really sucks.
I can't believe they kicked us out.
This is what happens when
Cobra Kai's involved. Everybody loses.
Are you trying to blame me? I was trying
to stop a fight, not start one.
You won the tournament,
and everything's going good for you,
but you're part of the problem.
I was just hoping
we could have a fun day together.
But I guess that's impossible.
It's only impossible
if you're still in Cobra Kai.
And so is staying with me.
[melancholy music plays]
Well, I'm not leaving Cobra Kai.
[Robby] Then, I guess that's it.
You and Kenny and everyone else can stay
brainwashed. I'm done trying to help.
[melancholy music continues]
Hey. Do you guys know where Sam went?
Oh, she split on her own. She didn't
want anything to do with this drama.
Yeah, neither did I.
Uh, go ahead. I'll catch up.
Okay.
Hey! I could've sworn sensei said
you were out of Cobra Kai.
-I'm not in Cobra Kai.
-You're on their side.
-You don't know what you're talking about.
-You think because you came to Mexico
you're a good guy. You're not.
Look who's talking. Let's get clear.
I didn't come to Mexico for you.
-Nobody asked you to go anywhere!
-Hey, hey! Stop it.
I want you to get along.
We're all friends now.
No, we're not friends.
We never will be.
[melancholy music plays]
[man on TV] I feel like it's a good time
to propose to her.
Wanna get married?
Oh no, Colt.
Never give up.
Amanda, that is not what happened.
90 DAY FIANCÉ
I've lost any shot of joining
that charity. Much less the board.
That's Silver's fault.
He was messing with me the whole time.
And you let him.
You knew how important this was,
and yet you could not for one day
put this stupid rivalry aside.
I'm afraid we're never
gonna have normalcy again.
Not when you continue
to stir up ridiculous fights.
Fight at furniture store
my fault, not his.
Please, blame me.
[dramatic drumbeat]
You had a fight at a furniture store?
Enough is enough.
Daniel, this ends now.
This is exactly
what Silver wanted to happen.
He manipulated this whole thing
to get us to fight.
Do you hear yourself?
The reason we're fighting
is because you can't let things go.
You promised things would be different.
You don't understand
what this man is capable of.
He won't stop
until he's ruined every aspect of my life.
That's why I have to take him down.
You really won't stop?
Let me and Chozen handle this.
It's the only way to make it end.
Fine. Handle it.
I won't be here for it.
-Where are you going?
-Away from here. Away from you!
I just need space.
I'm taking the kids with me.
[dramatic music plays]
[dramatic music crescendos]
[theme music plays]